# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-05-26

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 8 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:

Topic 2: Proposal for OpenBlock SIG
1. The OpenBlock SIG is conducive to the promotion of OpenHarmony in the education field and the development of the developer ecosystem. Agree to establish the OpenBlock sig.
2. The OpenBlock SIG is expected to introduce more foundation members and open community members, and setup planning for openblock roadmap through the repository issue. owner: [dutianwei](https://gitee.com/duzc2)

Topic 3: devboard-sig repository refactoring
1. The devboard repository creation rule is defined as [device/xxx], xxx is the soc/vendor name, and the special devboard is incubated in OpenHarmony-SIG.
2. Current hisi device repository is device_hisilicon_xxx. It is recommended that those hisi repository could be merged into one warehouse device_hisilicon.  owner: [yuanwenhong](https://gitee.com/yuanwhong)
3. The third_party software repository in device directory, recommended those repository move to first folder of third_party directory. owner: [yuanwenhong](https://gitee.com/yuanwhong)
device_hisilicon_third_party_uboot -> third_party_uboot
device_hisilicon_third_party_ffmpeg -> third_party_ffmpeg
4. The special device/xxx repository should be maintained by the SOC vendor or devboard manufacturer.

Topic 4: Proposal for RISC-V SIG 
1. Agree to establish the RISC-V sig, and the owner is yujiageng. [yujiageng](https://gitee.com/yu_jia_geng)


Topic 5: Voting for repository of device_qemu new committer laokz
1. Great thanks to laokz's contributions, The PMC passed the nominating for new committer laokz and who will becomes the new committer of device_qemu. owner: [dongjinguang](https://gitee.com/dongjinguang)


Topic 6: QEMU Project Planning
1. Agree with QEMU's recently roadmap, and create these feature through issues in device_qemu repository.  owner:[likailong](https://gitee.com/kkup180)
2. Need to communicate with Huawei's inner source QEMU project to evaluate the feasibility of presenting its achievements in the OpenHarmony open source community. owner:[likailong](https://gitee.com/kkup180)


# Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
